# openapi.model.OrderLineItem

## Load the model package
```dart
import 'package:square_dart_sdk/api.dart';
```

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**uid** | **String** | A unique ID that identifies the line item only within this order. | [optional] 
**name** | **String** | The name of the line item. | [optional] 
**quantity** | **String** | The quantity purchased, formatted as a decimal number. For example, `\"3\"`.  Line items with a quantity of `\"0\"` are automatically removed when paying for or otherwise completing the order.  Line items with a `quantity_unit` can have non-integer quantities. For example, `\"1.70000\"`. | 
**quantityUnit** | [**OrderQuantityUnit**](OrderQuantityUnit.md) |  | [optional] 
**note** | **String** | The note of the line item. | [optional] 
**catalogObjectId** | **String** | The [CatalogItemVariation](https://developer.squareup.com/reference/square_2023-12-13/objects/CatalogItemVariation) ID applied to this line item. | [optional] 
**catalogVersion** | **int** | The version of the catalog object that this line item references. | [optional] 
**variationName** | **String** | The name of the variation applied to this line item. | [optional] 
**itemType** | **String** | The type of line item: an itemized sale, a non-itemized sale (custom amount), or the activation or reloading of a gift card. | [optional] 
**metadata** | **Map<String, String>** | Application-defined data attached to this line item. Metadata fields are intended to store descriptive references or associations with an entity in another system or store brief information about the object. Square does not process this field; it only stores and returns it in relevant API calls. Do not use metadata to store any sensitive information (such as personally identifiable information or card details).  Keys written by applications must be 60 characters or less and must be in the character set `[a-zA-Z0-9_-]`. Entries can also include metadata generated by Square. These keys are prefixed with a namespace, separated from the key with a ':' character.  Values have a maximum length of 255 characters.  An application can have up to 10 entries per metadata field.  Entries written by applications are private and can only be read or modified by the same application.  For more information, see [Metadata](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/build-basics/metadata). | [optional] [default to const {}]
**modifiers** | [**List<OrderLineItemModifier>**](OrderLineItemModifier.md) | The [CatalogModifier](https://developer.squareup.com/reference/square_2023-12-13/objects/CatalogModifier)s applied to this line item. | [optional] [default to const []]
**appliedTaxes** | [**List<OrderLineItemAppliedTax>**](OrderLineItemAppliedTax.md) | The list of references to taxes applied to this line item. Each `OrderLineItemAppliedTax` has a `tax_uid` that references the `uid` of a top-level `OrderLineItemTax` applied to the line item. On reads, the amount applied is populated.  An `OrderLineItemAppliedTax` is automatically created on every line item for all `ORDER` scoped taxes added to the order. `OrderLineItemAppliedTax` records for `LINE_ITEM` scoped taxes must be added in requests for the tax to apply to any line items.  To change the amount of a tax, modify the referenced top-level tax. | [optional] [default to const []]
**appliedDiscounts** | [**List<OrderLineItemAppliedDiscount>**](OrderLineItemAppliedDiscount.md) | The list of references to discounts applied to this line item. Each `OrderLineItemAppliedDiscount` has a `discount_uid` that references the `uid` of a top-level `OrderLineItemDiscounts` applied to the line item. On reads, the amount applied is populated.  An `OrderLineItemAppliedDiscount` is automatically created on every line item for all `ORDER` scoped discounts that are added to the order. `OrderLineItemAppliedDiscount` records for `LINE_ITEM` scoped discounts must be added in requests for the discount to apply to any line items.  To change the amount of a discount, modify the referenced top-level discount. | [optional] [default to const []]
**appliedServiceCharges** | [**List<OrderLineItemAppliedServiceCharge>**](OrderLineItemAppliedServiceCharge.md) | The list of references to service charges applied to this line item. Each `OrderLineItemAppliedServiceCharge` has a `service_charge_id` that references the `uid` of a top-level `OrderServiceCharge` applied to the line item. On reads, the amount applied is populated.  To change the amount of a service charge, modify the referenced top-level service charge. | [optional] [default to const []]
**basePriceMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] 
**variationTotalPriceMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] 
**grossSalesMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] 
**totalTaxMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] 
**totalDiscountMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] 
**totalMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] 
**pricingBlocklists** | [**OrderLineItemPricingBlocklists**](OrderLineItemPricingBlocklists.md) |  | [optional] 
**totalServiceChargeMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


