# openapi.model.OrderServiceCharge

## Load the model package
```dart
import 'package:square_dart_sdk/api.dart';
```

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**uid** | **String** | A unique ID that identifies the service charge only within this order. | [optional] 
**name** | **String** | The name of the service charge. | [optional] 
**catalogObjectId** | **String** | The catalog object ID referencing the service charge [CatalogObject](https://developer.squareup.com/reference/square_2023-12-13/objects/CatalogObject). | [optional] 
**catalogVersion** | **int** | The version of the catalog object that this service charge references. | [optional] 
**percentage** | **String** | The service charge percentage as a string representation of a decimal number. For example, `\"7.25\"` indicates a service charge of 7.25%.  Exactly 1 of `percentage` or `amount_money` should be set. | [optional] 
**amountMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] 
**appliedMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] 
**totalMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] 
**totalTaxMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] 
**calculationPhase** | **String** | The calculation phase at which to apply the service charge. | [optional] 
**taxable** | **bool** | Indicates whether the service charge can be taxed. If set to `true`, order-level taxes automatically apply to the service charge. Note that service charges calculated in the `TOTAL_PHASE` cannot be marked as taxable. | [optional] 
**appliedTaxes** | [**List<OrderLineItemAppliedTax>**](OrderLineItemAppliedTax.md) | The list of references to the taxes applied to this service charge. Each `OrderLineItemAppliedTax` has a `tax_uid` that references the `uid` of a top-level `OrderLineItemTax` that is being applied to this service charge. On reads, the amount applied is populated.  An `OrderLineItemAppliedTax` is automatically created on every taxable service charge for all `ORDER` scoped taxes that are added to the order. `OrderLineItemAppliedTax` records for `LINE_ITEM` scoped taxes must be added in requests for the tax to apply to any taxable service charge. Taxable service charges have the `taxable` field set to `true` and calculated in the `SUBTOTAL_PHASE`.  To change the amount of a tax, modify the referenced top-level tax. | [optional] [default to const []]
**metadata** | **Map<String, String>** | Application-defined data attached to this service charge. Metadata fields are intended to store descriptive references or associations with an entity in another system or store brief information about the object. Square does not process this field; it only stores and returns it in relevant API calls. Do not use metadata to store any sensitive information (such as personally identifiable information or card details).  Keys written by applications must be 60 characters or less and must be in the character set `[a-zA-Z0-9_-]`. Entries can also include metadata generated by Square. These keys are prefixed with a namespace, separated from the key with a ':' character.  Values have a maximum length of 255 characters.  An application can have up to 10 entries per metadata field.  Entries written by applications are private and can only be read or modified by the same application.  For more information, see [Metadata](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/build-basics/metadata). | [optional] [default to const {}]
**type** | **String** | The type of the service charge. | [optional] 
**treatmentType** | **String** | The treatment type of the service charge. | [optional] 
**scope** | **String** | Indicates the level at which the apportioned service charge applies. For `ORDER` scoped service charges, Square generates references in `applied_service_charges` on all order line items that do not have them. For `LINE_ITEM` scoped service charges, the service charge only applies to line items with a service charge reference in their `applied_service_charges` field.  This field is immutable. To change the scope of an apportioned service charge, you must delete the apportioned service charge and re-add it as a new apportioned service charge. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


