# openapi.model.PaymentRefund

## Load the model package
```dart
import 'package:square_dart_sdk/api.dart';
```

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **String** | The unique ID for this refund, generated by Square. | 
**status** | **String** | The refund's status: - `PENDING` - Awaiting approval. - `COMPLETED` - Successfully completed. - `REJECTED` - The refund was rejected. - `FAILED` - An error occurred. | [optional] 
**locationId** | **String** | The location ID associated with the payment this refund is attached to. | [optional] 
**unlinked** | **bool** | Flag indicating whether or not the refund is linked to an existing payment in Square. | [optional] 
**destinationType** | **String** | The destination type for this refund.  Current values include `CARD`, `BANK_ACCOUNT`, `WALLET`, `BUY_NOW_PAY_LATER`, `CASH`, and `EXTERNAL`. | [optional] 
**destinationDetails** | [**DestinationDetails**](DestinationDetails.md) |  | [optional] 
**amountMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | 
**appFeeMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] 
**processingFee** | [**List<ProcessingFee>**](ProcessingFee.md) | Processing fees and fee adjustments assessed by Square for this refund. | [optional] [default to const []]
**paymentId** | **String** | The ID of the payment associated with this refund. | [optional] 
**orderId** | **String** | The ID of the order associated with the refund. | [optional] 
**reason** | **String** | The reason for the refund. | [optional] 
**createdAt** | **String** | The timestamp of when the refund was created, in RFC 3339 format. | [optional] 
**updatedAt** | **String** | The timestamp of when the refund was last updated, in RFC 3339 format. | [optional] 
**teamMemberId** | **String** | An optional ID of the team member associated with taking the payment. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


