# openapi.model.RefundPaymentRequest

## Load the model package
```dart
import 'package:square_dart_sdk/api.dart';
```

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**idempotencyKey** | **String** |  A unique string that identifies this `RefundPayment` request. The key can be any valid string but must be unique for every `RefundPayment` request.  Keys are limited to a max of 45 characters - however, the number of allowed characters might be less than 45, if multi-byte characters are used.  For more information, see [Idempotency](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/working-with-apis/idempotency). | 
**amountMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | 
**appFeeMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] 
**paymentId** | **String** | The unique ID of the payment being refunded. Required when unlinked=false, otherwise must not be set. | [optional] 
**destinationId** | **String** | The ID indicating where funds will be refunded to, if this is an unlinked refund. This can be any of the following: A token generated by Web Payments SDK; a card-on-file identifier. Required for requests specifying unlinked=true. Otherwise, if included when `unlinked=false`, will throw an error. | [optional] 
**unlinked** | **bool** | Indicates that the refund is not linked to a Square payment. If set to true, `destination_id` and `location_id` must be supplied while `payment_id` must not be provided. | [optional] 
**locationId** | **String** | The location ID associated with the unlinked refund. Required for requests specifying `unlinked=true`. Otherwise, if included when `unlinked=false`, will throw an error. | [optional] 
**customerId** | **String** | The [Customer](https://developer.squareup.com/reference/square_2023-12-13/objects/Customer) ID of the customer associated with the refund. This is required if the `destination_id` refers to a card on file created using the Cards API. Only allowed when `unlinked=true`. | [optional] 
**reason** | **String** | A description of the reason for the refund. | [optional] 
**paymentVersionToken** | **String** |  Used for optimistic concurrency. This opaque token identifies the current `Payment` version that the caller expects. If the server has a different version of the Payment, the update fails and a response with a VERSION_MISMATCH error is returned. If the versions match, or the field is not provided, the refund proceeds as normal. | [optional] 
**teamMemberId** | **String** | An optional [TeamMember](https://developer.squareup.com/reference/square_2023-12-13/objects/TeamMember) ID to associate with this refund. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


