# openapi.model.TerminalCheckout

## Load the model package
```dart
import 'package:square_dart_sdk/api.dart';
```

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **String** | A unique ID for this `TerminalCheckout`. | [optional] 
**amountMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | 
**referenceId** | **String** | An optional user-defined reference ID that can be used to associate this `TerminalCheckout` to another entity in an external system. For example, an order ID generated by a third-party shopping cart. The ID is also associated with any payments used to complete the checkout. | [optional] 
**note** | **String** | An optional note to associate with the checkout, as well as with any payments used to complete the checkout. Note: maximum 500 characters | [optional] 
**orderId** | **String** | The reference to the Square order ID for the checkout request. Supported only in the US. | [optional] 
**paymentOptions** | [**PaymentOptions**](PaymentOptions.md) |  | [optional] 
**deviceOptions** | [**DeviceCheckoutOptions**](DeviceCheckoutOptions.md) |  | 
**deadlineDuration** | **String** | An RFC 3339 duration, after which the checkout is automatically canceled. A `TerminalCheckout` that is `PENDING` is automatically `CANCELED` and has a cancellation reason of `TIMED_OUT`.  Default: 5 minutes from creation  Maximum: 5 minutes | [optional] 
**status** | **String** | The status of the `TerminalCheckout`. Options: `PENDING`, `IN_PROGRESS`, `CANCEL_REQUESTED`, `CANCELED`, `COMPLETED` | [optional] 
**cancelReason** | **String** | The reason why `TerminalCheckout` is canceled. Present if the status is `CANCELED`. | [optional] 
**paymentIds** | **List<String>** | A list of IDs for payments created by this `TerminalCheckout`. | [optional] [default to const []]
**createdAt** | **String** | The time when the `TerminalCheckout` was created, as an RFC 3339 timestamp. | [optional] 
**updatedAt** | **String** | The time when the `TerminalCheckout` was last updated, as an RFC 3339 timestamp. | [optional] 
**appId** | **String** | The ID of the application that created the checkout. | [optional] 
**locationId** | **String** | The location of the device where the `TerminalCheckout` was directed. | [optional] 
**paymentType** | **String** | The type of payment the terminal should attempt to capture from. Defaults to `CARD_PRESENT`. | [optional] 
**teamMemberId** | **String** | An optional ID of the team member associated with creating the checkout. | [optional] 
**customerId** | **String** | An optional ID of the customer associated with the checkout. | [optional] 
**appFeeMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] 
**statementDescriptionIdentifier** | **String** | Optional additional payment information to include on the customer's card statement as part of the statement description. This can be, for example, an invoice number, ticket number, or short description that uniquely identifies the purchase. Supported only in the US. | [optional] 
**tipMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


