# swagger.model.CatalogPricingRule

## Load the model package
```dart
import 'package:swagger/api.dart';
```

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**name** | **String** | User-defined name for the pricing rule. For example, \&quot;Buy one get one free\&quot; or \&quot;10% off\&quot;. | [optional] [default to null]
**timePeriodIds** | **List&lt;String&gt;** | A list of unique IDs for the catalog time periods when this pricing rule is in effect. If left unset, the pricing rule is always in effect. | [optional] [default to []]
**discountId** | **String** | Unique ID for the &#x60;CatalogDiscount&#x60; to take off the price of all matched items. | [optional] [default to null]
**matchProductsId** | **String** | Unique ID for the &#x60;CatalogProductSet&#x60; that will be matched by this rule. A match rule matches within the entire cart, and can match multiple times. This field will always be set. | [optional] [default to null]
**applyProductsId** | **String** | __Deprecated__: Please use the &#x60;exclude_products_id&#x60; field to apply an exclude set instead. Exclude sets allow better control over quantity ranges and offer more flexibility for which matched items receive a discount.  &#x60;CatalogProductSet&#x60; to apply the pricing to. An apply rule matches within the subset of the cart that fits the match rules (the match set). An apply rule can only match once in the match set. If not supplied, the pricing will be applied to all products in the match set. Other products retain their base price, or a price generated by other rules. | [optional] [default to null]
**excludeProductsId** | **String** | &#x60;CatalogProductSet&#x60; to exclude from the pricing rule. An exclude rule matches within the subset of the cart that fits the match rules (the match set). An exclude rule can only match once in the match set. If not supplied, the pricing will be applied to all products in the match set. Other products retain their base price, or a price generated by other rules. | [optional] [default to null]
**validFromDate** | **String** | Represents the date the Pricing Rule is valid from. Represented in RFC 3339 full-date format (YYYY-MM-DD). | [optional] [default to null]
**validFromLocalTime** | **String** | Represents the local time the pricing rule should be valid from. Represented in RFC 3339 partial-time format (HH:MM:SS). Partial seconds will be truncated. | [optional] [default to null]
**validUntilDate** | **String** | Represents the date the Pricing Rule is valid until. Represented in RFC 3339 full-date format (YYYY-MM-DD). | [optional] [default to null]
**validUntilLocalTime** | **String** | Represents the local time the pricing rule should be valid until. Represented in RFC 3339 partial-time format (HH:MM:SS). Partial seconds will be truncated. | [optional] [default to null]
**excludeStrategy** | **String** | If an &#x60;exclude_products_id&#x60; was given, controls which subset of matched products is excluded from any discounts.  Default value: &#x60;LEAST_EXPENSIVE&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**minimumOrderSubtotalMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**customerGroupIdsAny** | **List&lt;String&gt;** | A list of IDs of customer groups, the members of which are eligible for discounts specified in this pricing rule. Notice that a group ID is generated by the Customers API. If this field is not set, the specified discount applies to matched products sold to anyone whether the buyer has a customer profile created or not. If this &#x60;customer_group_ids_any&#x60; field is set, the specified discount applies only to matched products sold to customers belonging to the specified customer groups. | [optional] [default to []]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

