# swagger.model.Dispute

## Load the model package
```dart
import 'package:square_dart_sdk/api.dart'
```

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**disputeId** | **String** | The unique ID for this &#x60;Dispute&#x60;, generated by Square. | [optional] [default to null]
**id** | **String** | The unique ID for this &#x60;Dispute&#x60;, generated by Square. | [optional] [default to null]
**amountMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**reason** | **String** | The reason why the cardholder initiated the dispute. | [optional] [default to null]
**state** | **String** | The current state of this dispute. | [optional] [default to null]
**dueAt** | **String** | The deadline by which the seller must respond to the dispute, in [RFC 3339 format](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/build-basics/common-data-types/working-with-dates). | [optional] [default to null]
**disputedPayment** | [**DisputedPayment**](DisputedPayment.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**evidenceIds** | **List&lt;String&gt;** | The IDs of the evidence associated with the dispute. | [optional] [default to []]
**cardBrand** | **String** | The card brand used in the disputed payment. | [optional] [default to null]
**createdAt** | **String** | The timestamp when the dispute was created, in RFC 3339 format. | [optional] [default to null]
**updatedAt** | **String** | The timestamp when the dispute was last updated, in RFC 3339 format. | [optional] [default to null]
**brandDisputeId** | **String** | The ID of the dispute in the card brand system, generated by the card brand. | [optional] [default to null]
**reportedDate** | **String** | The timestamp when the dispute was reported, in RFC 3339 format. | [optional] [default to null]
**reportedAt** | **String** | The timestamp when the dispute was reported, in RFC 3339 format. | [optional] [default to null]
**version** | **int** | The current version of the &#x60;Dispute&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**locationId** | **String** | The ID of the location where the dispute originated. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

