# swagger.model.OrderLineItemTax

## Load the model package
```dart
import 'package:square_dart_sdk/api.dart'
```

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**uid** | **String** | A unique ID that identifies the tax only within this order. | [optional] [default to null]
**catalogObjectId** | **String** | The catalog object ID referencing [CatalogTax](https://developer.squareup.com/reference/square_2023-12-13/objects/CatalogTax). | [optional] [default to null]
**catalogVersion** | **int** | The version of the catalog object that this tax references. | [optional] [default to null]
**name** | **String** | The tax&#x27;s name. | [optional] [default to null]
**type** | **String** | Indicates the calculation method used to apply the tax. | [optional] [default to null]
**percentage** | **String** | The percentage of the tax, as a string representation of a decimal number. For example, a value of &#x60;\&quot;7.25\&quot;&#x60; corresponds to a percentage of 7.25%. | [optional] [default to null]
**metadata** | **Map&lt;String, String&gt;** | Application-defined data attached to this tax. Metadata fields are intended to store descriptive references or associations with an entity in another system or store brief information about the object. Square does not process this field; it only stores and returns it in relevant API calls. Do not use metadata to store any sensitive information (such as personally identifiable information or card details).  Keys written by applications must be 60 characters or less and must be in the character set &#x60;[a-zA-Z0-9_-]&#x60;. Entries can also include metadata generated by Square. These keys are prefixed with a namespace, separated from the key with a &#x27;:&#x27; character.  Values have a maximum length of 255 characters.  An application can have up to 10 entries per metadata field.  Entries written by applications are private and can only be read or modified by the same application.  For more information, see [Metadata](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/build-basics/metadata). | [optional] [default to {}]
**appliedMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**scope** | **String** | Indicates the level at which the tax applies. For &#x60;ORDER&#x60; scoped taxes, Square generates references in &#x60;applied_taxes&#x60; on all order line items that do not have them. For &#x60;LINE_ITEM&#x60; scoped taxes, the tax only applies to line items with references in their &#x60;applied_taxes&#x60; field.  This field is immutable. To change the scope, you must delete the tax and re-add it as a new tax. | [optional] [default to null]
**autoApplied** | **bool** | Determines whether the tax was automatically applied to the order based on the catalog configuration. For an example, see [Automatically Apply Taxes to an Order](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/orders-api/apply-taxes-and-discounts/auto-apply-taxes). | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

