# swagger.model.PaymentRefund

## Load the model package
```dart
import 'package:square_dart_sdk/api.dart'
```

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **String** | The unique ID for this refund, generated by Square. | [default to null]
**status** | **String** | The refund&#x27;s status: - &#x60;PENDING&#x60; - Awaiting approval. - &#x60;COMPLETED&#x60; - Successfully completed. - &#x60;REJECTED&#x60; - The refund was rejected. - &#x60;FAILED&#x60; - An error occurred. | [optional] [default to null]
**locationId** | **String** | The location ID associated with the payment this refund is attached to. | [optional] [default to null]
**unlinked** | **bool** | Flag indicating whether or not the refund is linked to an existing payment in Square. | [optional] [default to null]
**destinationType** | **String** | The destination type for this refund.  Current values include &#x60;CARD&#x60;, &#x60;BANK_ACCOUNT&#x60;, &#x60;WALLET&#x60;, &#x60;BUY_NOW_PAY_LATER&#x60;, &#x60;CASH&#x60;, and &#x60;EXTERNAL&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**destinationDetails** | [**DestinationDetails**](DestinationDetails.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**amountMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [default to null]
**appFeeMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**processingFee** | [**List&lt;ProcessingFee&gt;**](ProcessingFee.md) | Processing fees and fee adjustments assessed by Square for this refund. | [optional] [default to []]
**paymentId** | **String** | The ID of the payment associated with this refund. | [optional] [default to null]
**orderId** | **String** | The ID of the order associated with the refund. | [optional] [default to null]
**reason** | **String** | The reason for the refund. | [optional] [default to null]
**createdAt** | **String** | The timestamp of when the refund was created, in RFC 3339 format. | [optional] [default to null]
**updatedAt** | **String** | The timestamp of when the refund was last updated, in RFC 3339 format. | [optional] [default to null]
**teamMemberId** | **String** | An optional ID of the team member associated with taking the payment. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

