# swagger.model.Payment

## Load the model package
```dart
import 'package:swagger/api.dart';
```

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **String** | A unique ID for the payment. | [optional] [default to null]
**createdAt** | **String** | The timestamp of when the payment was created, in RFC 3339 format. | [optional] [default to null]
**updatedAt** | **String** | The timestamp of when the payment was last updated, in RFC 3339 format. | [optional] [default to null]
**amountMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**tipMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**totalMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**appFeeMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**approvedMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**processingFee** | [**List&lt;ProcessingFee&gt;**](ProcessingFee.md) | The processing fees and fee adjustments assessed by Square for this payment. | [optional] [default to []]
**refundedMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**status** | **String** | Indicates whether the payment is APPROVED, PENDING, COMPLETED, CANCELED, or FAILED. | [optional] [default to null]
**delayDuration** | **String** | The duration of time after the payment&#x27;s creation when Square automatically applies the &#x60;delay_action&#x60; to the payment. This automatic &#x60;delay_action&#x60; applies only to payments that do not reach a terminal state (COMPLETED, CANCELED, or FAILED) before the &#x60;delay_duration&#x60; time period.  This field is specified as a time duration, in RFC 3339 format.  Notes: This feature is only supported for card payments.  Default:  - Card-present payments: \&quot;PT36H\&quot; (36 hours) from the creation time. - Card-not-present payments: \&quot;P7D\&quot; (7 days) from the creation time. | [optional] [default to null]
**delayAction** | **String** | The action to be applied to the payment when the &#x60;delay_duration&#x60; has elapsed.  Current values include &#x60;CANCEL&#x60; and &#x60;COMPLETE&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**delayedUntil** | **String** | The read-only timestamp of when the &#x60;delay_action&#x60; is automatically applied, in RFC 3339 format.  Note that this field is calculated by summing the payment&#x27;s &#x60;delay_duration&#x60; and &#x60;created_at&#x60; fields. The &#x60;created_at&#x60; field is generated by Square and might not exactly match the time on your local machine. | [optional] [default to null]
**sourceType** | **String** | The source type for this payment.  Current values include &#x60;CARD&#x60;, &#x60;BANK_ACCOUNT&#x60;, &#x60;WALLET&#x60;, &#x60;BUY_NOW_PAY_LATER&#x60;, &#x60;SQUARE_ACCOUNT&#x60;, &#x60;CASH&#x60; and &#x60;EXTERNAL&#x60;. For information about these payment source types, see [Take Payments](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/payments-api/take-payments). | [optional] [default to null]
**cardDetails** | [**CardPaymentDetails**](CardPaymentDetails.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**cashDetails** | [**CashPaymentDetails**](CashPaymentDetails.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**bankAccountDetails** | [**BankAccountPaymentDetails**](BankAccountPaymentDetails.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**externalDetails** | [**ExternalPaymentDetails**](ExternalPaymentDetails.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**walletDetails** | [**DigitalWalletDetails**](DigitalWalletDetails.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**buyNowPayLaterDetails** | [**BuyNowPayLaterDetails**](BuyNowPayLaterDetails.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**squareAccountDetails** | [**SquareAccountDetails**](SquareAccountDetails.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**locationId** | **String** | The ID of the location associated with the payment. | [optional] [default to null]
**orderId** | **String** | The ID of the order associated with the payment. | [optional] [default to null]
**referenceId** | **String** | An optional ID that associates the payment with an entity in another system. | [optional] [default to null]
**customerId** | **String** | The ID of the customer associated with the payment. If the ID is  not provided in the &#x60;CreatePayment&#x60; request that was used to create the &#x60;Payment&#x60;,  Square may use information in the request  (such as the billing and shipping address, email address, and payment source)  to identify a matching customer profile in the Customer Directory.  If found, the profile ID is used. If a profile is not found, the  API attempts to create an  [instant profile](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/customers-api/what-it-does#instant-profiles).  If the API cannot create an  instant profile (either because the seller has disabled it or the  seller&#x27;s region prevents creating it), this field remains unset. Note that  this process is asynchronous and it may take some time before a  customer ID is added to the payment. | [optional] [default to null]
**employeeId** | **String** | __Deprecated__: Use &#x60;Payment.team_member_id&#x60; instead.  An optional ID of the employee associated with taking the payment. | [optional] [default to null]
**teamMemberId** | **String** | An optional ID of the [TeamMember](https://developer.squareup.com/reference/square_2023-12-13/objects/TeamMember) associated with taking the payment. | [optional] [default to null]
**refundIds** | **List&lt;String&gt;** | A list of &#x60;refund_id&#x60;s identifying refunds for the payment. | [optional] [default to []]
**riskEvaluation** | [**RiskEvaluation**](RiskEvaluation.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**buyerEmailAddress** | **String** | The buyer&#x27;s email address. | [optional] [default to null]
**billingAddress** | [**Address**](Address.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**shippingAddress** | [**Address**](Address.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**note** | **String** | An optional note to include when creating a payment. | [optional] [default to null]
**statementDescriptionIdentifier** | **String** | Additional payment information that gets added to the customer&#x27;s card statement as part of the statement description.  Note that the &#x60;statement_description_identifier&#x60; might get truncated on the statement description to fit the required information including the Square identifier (SQ *) and the name of the seller taking the payment. | [optional] [default to null]
**capabilities** | **List&lt;String&gt;** | Actions that can be performed on this payment: - &#x60;EDIT_AMOUNT_UP&#x60; - The payment amount can be edited up. - &#x60;EDIT_AMOUNT_DOWN&#x60; - The payment amount can be edited down. - &#x60;EDIT_TIP_AMOUNT_UP&#x60; - The tip amount can be edited up. - &#x60;EDIT_TIP_AMOUNT_DOWN&#x60; - The tip amount can be edited down. - &#x60;EDIT_DELAY_ACTION&#x60; - The delay_action can be edited. | [optional] [default to []]
**receiptNumber** | **String** | The payment&#x27;s receipt number. The field is missing if a payment is canceled. | [optional] [default to null]
**receiptUrl** | **String** | The URL for the payment&#x27;s receipt. The field is only populated for COMPLETED payments. | [optional] [default to null]
**deviceDetails** | [**DeviceDetails**](DeviceDetails.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**applicationDetails** | [**ApplicationDetails**](ApplicationDetails.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**versionToken** | **String** | Used for optimistic concurrency. This opaque token identifies a specific version of the &#x60;Payment&#x60; object. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

