# swagger.model.TerminalCheckout

## Load the model package
```dart
import 'package:square_dart_sdk/api.dart'
```

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **String** | A unique ID for this &#x60;TerminalCheckout&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**amountMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [default to null]
**referenceId** | **String** | An optional user-defined reference ID that can be used to associate this &#x60;TerminalCheckout&#x60; to another entity in an external system. For example, an order ID generated by a third-party shopping cart. The ID is also associated with any payments used to complete the checkout. | [optional] [default to null]
**note** | **String** | An optional note to associate with the checkout, as well as with any payments used to complete the checkout. Note: maximum 500 characters | [optional] [default to null]
**orderId** | **String** | The reference to the Square order ID for the checkout request. Supported only in the US. | [optional] [default to null]
**paymentOptions** | [**PaymentOptions**](PaymentOptions.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**deviceOptions** | [**DeviceCheckoutOptions**](DeviceCheckoutOptions.md) |  | [default to null]
**deadlineDuration** | **String** | An RFC 3339 duration, after which the checkout is automatically canceled. A &#x60;TerminalCheckout&#x60; that is &#x60;PENDING&#x60; is automatically &#x60;CANCELED&#x60; and has a cancellation reason of &#x60;TIMED_OUT&#x60;.  Default: 5 minutes from creation  Maximum: 5 minutes | [optional] [default to null]
**status** | **String** | The status of the &#x60;TerminalCheckout&#x60;. Options: &#x60;PENDING&#x60;, &#x60;IN_PROGRESS&#x60;, &#x60;CANCEL_REQUESTED&#x60;, &#x60;CANCELED&#x60;, &#x60;COMPLETED&#x60; | [optional] [default to null]
**cancelReason** | **String** | The reason why &#x60;TerminalCheckout&#x60; is canceled. Present if the status is &#x60;CANCELED&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**paymentIds** | **List&lt;String&gt;** | A list of IDs for payments created by this &#x60;TerminalCheckout&#x60;. | [optional] [default to []]
**createdAt** | **String** | The time when the &#x60;TerminalCheckout&#x60; was created, as an RFC 3339 timestamp. | [optional] [default to null]
**updatedAt** | **String** | The time when the &#x60;TerminalCheckout&#x60; was last updated, as an RFC 3339 timestamp. | [optional] [default to null]
**appId** | **String** | The ID of the application that created the checkout. | [optional] [default to null]
**locationId** | **String** | The location of the device where the &#x60;TerminalCheckout&#x60; was directed. | [optional] [default to null]
**paymentType** | **String** | The type of payment the terminal should attempt to capture from. Defaults to &#x60;CARD_PRESENT&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**teamMemberId** | **String** | An optional ID of the team member associated with creating the checkout. | [optional] [default to null]
**customerId** | **String** | An optional ID of the customer associated with the checkout. | [optional] [default to null]
**appFeeMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**statementDescriptionIdentifier** | **String** | Optional additional payment information to include on the customer&#x27;s card statement as part of the statement description. This can be, for example, an invoice number, ticket number, or short description that uniquely identifies the purchase. Supported only in the US. | [optional] [default to null]
**tipMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

